---
layout: page
title: Frequently Asked Questions
id: faq
---

**Q: Who?**

We are a group of hackers based out of IIT Kharagpur.  Calling
ourselves a Linux *users* group really does not do us justice, since
it is only one thing we have in common.  In fact, in many ways it is
just incidental.  Which brings us to ...


**Q: What do you do?**

Hack the good hack.  Disagree about everything from the taste of
today's *poha* to Joe Satriani.  Focus and sharpen our technical
skills in order to make ourselves more useful to the society.


**Q: You do realize your response had zero information.**

Yes.  More concretely, we hack on git, drizzle, llvm, gdb, sympy
(insert others).  We like to play with C, Ruby, Python, C++, Lisp and
Haskell.  And yes, we have both Vim and Emacs users.


**Q: I'm sold. Where do I sign up?**

If you have something interesting to talk about, don't mind defending
your opinions and write code for fun; drop by at `#klug-devel` on
Freenode IRC (using [this](http://webchat.freenode.net)).  If you too
are from IIT Kharagpur, we can probably meet over *chai* sometime.


**Q: What's with the watermark?**

It's the Debian logo.  Most (if not all) of us use Debian GNU/Linux.
After distro-hopping for many years, we've found that this is a great
distribution for developers.  However, we recommend that new people
start off with Ubuntu.


**Q: Faces?**

Although this list is by no means complete, it is quite representative
of what we're like:

* [Anurag Priyam](http://yeban.in)
* [Ramkumar Ramachandra](http://artagnon.com)
* [Sanjoy Das](http://playingwithpointers.com)
