---
layout: page
title: Kharagpur Linux Users' Group
id: home
---

We're a *guild* of *hackers* at IIT Kharagpur.

### guild
**noun** /gild/

1. A medieval association of craftsmen or merchants, often having
   considerable power.
2. An association of people for mutual aid or the pursuit of a common
   goal.
3. A group of species that have similar requirements and play a
   similar role within a community.

### hack·er
**noun** /ˈhakər/

1. A person who delights in having an intimate understanding of the
   internal workings of a system, computers and computer networks in
   particular.
2. A person who shares an anti-authoritarian approach to software
   development, now associated with the free software movement.

What does all this have to do with Linux?  It is the equivalent of a
hobbyist electronics kit in the digital world, a prerequisite for
higher learning.  Like many other clubs and societies, we exist to
motivate and drive people with similar interests.  Here are some of
our founding principles:

1. There's a thin line between advertising and Orwellian
   mass-propoganda.  We occasionally practise light advertising.
2. Aiding people with motivation and drive does not mean social
   service.  We're not a social service organization or a placement
   committee.
3. We're not ego-feeding machines.  Using Linux or writing code does
   not make you Superman.
4. We're not a casual hobby group that reads HackerNews and farts
   rainbows all day.  We're very serious software engineers.
5. Talk is cheap. Show us the code.
