---
layout: page
title: Participate
id: participate
---

### Welcome to KLUG.

KLUG is an abbreviation for Kharagpur Linux Users' Group.  We chose
this acronym not because the founders are linux fanboys (they are, but
that is incidental) but because "Linux User Group" is a popular idiom
for local hacker and programmer groups; which is what we pretend to
be.  Read on for The Truth (TM).

#### Our view on hacking

Hacking isn't really about computers -- it is about logically coercing
a system to do what we want it to do.  Within this definition Joyce
hacked the English language and Freud the human mind just as much as
Torvalds hacked his computer.  Everyone doing something likely to be
interesting to an educated audience is welcome to join klug.


#### What do we do?

KLUG is infrastructure, not policy.  We don't have common goals (or a
fest!) that we work towards.  This is both good and bad.

This is good since within KLUG, the _usefulness_ of your work is a
matter of taste; and as they say, there is no right taste or bad
taste, just good taste and bad taste.

This is bad since you, individually, cannot depend on KLUG for
direction.  We're anarchists, and some people may find that
disorienting (and maybe even offensive).

What we _do_ offer is networking with people doing interesting things
-- in a way, KLUG is like Facebook or LinkedIn but waaay cooler.  It
is like a beehive with no queen bee.  It is the coffee-house where
people loudly argue about useless things.


#### How do I join?

To participate, join the [mailing
list](http://groups.google.com/group/kgplug), the `#klug-devel`
Freenode IRC channel (using [this](http://webchat.freenode.net)).  The
IRC channel is [publicly
logged](http://colabti.org/irclogger/irclogger_logs/klug-devel) and
the mailing list archives are also [publicly
available](http://groups.google.com/group/kgplug/topics).  Watch for
announcements about meetings on the mailing list.
